Clean up `osu!supporter` (#7057)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/osu!supporter/en.md

---
tags:
  - support

>   - supporter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - supporter
  - supporter tag
  - osu!supporter tag
```

---

# osu!supporter

**osu!supporter** is a temporary title given to players who support osu! by making a voluntary, monetary donation to help it thrive. Supporters receive a handful of cosmetic and technical benefits, most of which are active only when the title is present. Note that the extra features from osu!supporter will never give any advantage in gameplay, performance, or score.

The osu!supporter tag may be obtained from the [osu!supporter store page](https://osu.ppy.sh/store/products/supporter-tag).

## Features

### Heart badge

::: Infobox
![](img/userpage.png?1 "Profile with osu!supporter")
:::

::: Infobox
![](img/usercard.png?1 "User card with osu!supporter")
:::

The badge with hearts on it may usually be found next to a username. The amount of hearts depends on the duration of osu!supporter the user has acquired or received in total<!-- source: https://github.com/ppy/osu-web/blob/ac227d6abbd48630ebbf428c4e3372f388004ee5/app/Models/User.php#L1733-L1750 -->:

- Less than 1 year: 1 heart
- From 1 to 5 years: 2 hearts
- More than 5 years: 3 hearts

### Username colour

::: Infobox
![](img/chat.png "A person with osu!supporter in the chat")
:::

> The supporters' usernames appear gold for the rest of the [chat](/wiki/Client/Interface/Chat_console) users.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Usernames of active supporters appear bright yellow in [chat](/wiki/Client/Interface/Chat_console) for other users.
```

> The supporters' usernames appear gold for the rest of the [chat](/wiki/Client/Interface/Chat_console) users.

Reviewer 2: Add `active` to differentiate between previously supporter user and current active supporter user

### Editable profile section

Supporters receive a new profile section titled `me!`, often referred to as a userpage. The userpage serves as a personal editable space, where text is formatted using [BBCode](/wiki/BBCode). This feature is permanent and stays after the osu!supporter wears out.

The `me!` section may be a good place for:

- Banners, collabs, and infographics to spice up the profile;
- A few paragraphs or items providing insights into a player's life;
- A showcase of favourite maps, mappers, or anything else they consider important.

### Profile cover

It is possible for an osu! supporter to further customize their profile by setting up a cover image:

- Press the pencil icon in the lower right corner of the cover placeholder.
- Select a new cover from a few predefined options, or upload your own image (its dimensions should be 2400x640).

Once osu!supporter expires, the cover will be replaced with a standard one.

### One free username change

> *Note: minor name changes may be requested from the account support team for free—see [Account § Can I change my account's username?](/wiki/Help_centre/Account#name-changes)*

Author: could you explain why does it need a semicolon here, with two parts being closely related to each other, and the second one serving as a direct continuation of the first?

> *Note: minor name changes may be requested from the account support team for free—see [Account § Can I change my account's username?](/wiki/Help_centre/Account#name-changes)*

Reviewer: ah on second thought you're kinda right that a semicolon doesn't make much sense here. notices capitalise the first word though

```suggestion
*Note: Minor name changes may be requested from the account support team for free—see [Help centre/Account § Can I change my account's username?](/wiki/Help_centre/Account#name-changes).*
```

The osu!supporter bearers are granted the ability to change their username once for free, if it's their first name change ([usual conditions apply](/wiki/Help_centre/Account#name-changes)).

### osu!direct

osu!direct is the in-game beatmap search and download engine available to the supporters. It may be accessed from the main menu by clicking the vertical `osu!direct` label on the left side of the screen. In addition to the built-in beatmap listing, osu!direct provides other ways to obtain new beatmaps without leaving the game:

> - In-chat links, which point to beatmaps on the osu! website, now trigger the download prompt in-game;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Beatmap links in chat, which point to beatmaps on the osu! website, now trigger the download prompt in-game
```

> - [Spectators](/wiki/Gameplay/Spectating) with osu!supporter are able to automatically download beatmaps their target is playing;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Automatic beatmap downloads while playing in a [multiplayer](/wiki/Gameplay/Multiplayer) lobby or [spectating](/wiki/Gameplay/Spectating) another player, as an [opt-out setting](/wiki/Client/Options#integration)
```

> - Players with osu!supporter may opt-in to automatically linking the beatmap they are currently playing in the `#spectator` chat tab.

Reviewer: wait, this was supporter-only?

```suggestion
- Automatic linking of currently played beatmaps in the `#spectator` chat tab for spectators, as an [opt-out setting](/wiki/Client/Options#online)
```

Author: it is, confirmed with `THAT_otaku`

### Extended leaderboards

Supporters have access to several beatmap-specific [leaderboards](/wiki/Beatmap#leaderboards) available both in-game and on the website:

> - Global ranking for every combination of [game modifiers](/wiki/Game_modifier);
> - Country-specific ranking made of players bearing the same flag;
> - Friend ranking that shows a player's position on the map compared to their friends.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Global rankings for every combination of [game modifiers](/wiki/Game_modifier)
- Country-specific rankings of players bearing the same flag
- Friend rankings that show a player's position on a map compared to their friends
```

### Increased limits

> osu! offers more relaxed limits on different things to the supporters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
osu! offers more relaxed limits on various online features to supporters:
```

> | Quota type | Regular limit | osu!supporter limit |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Feature | Regular limit | osu!supporter limit |
```

well, it's better than "quota", but i can't quite think of the perfect name for this

| :-- | :-: | :-: |

> | Uploaded beatmaps | 4 + `min(ranked beatmaps, 2)` | 8 + `min(ranked beatmaps, 4)` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Uploaded beatmaps in [pending](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#work-in-progress-and-pending) | `4 + min(ranked beatmaps, 2)` | `8 + min(ranked beatmaps, 4)` |
```

| Online beatmap favourites | 100 | 1000 |

> | Friend list length | 250 | 500 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Friend count | 250 | 500 |
```

> Additionally, the osu!supporter bearers are granted more lenient download speed limits, as well as the limits on amount of beatmaps downloaded per hour.

Reviewer: while "osu!supporter" is treated as a noun here, it doesn't look correct (as a verb it would be something like "supporter-bearer")

```suggestion
Additionally, bearers of osu!supporter are granted more lenient beatmap download limits.
```

### Extra skinnable elements

After obtaining osu!supporter, some visual and aural elements of the osu! interface become skinnable:

> | Element | Appearance |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Element | Description |
```

| :-- | :-- |
| `menu-background.jpg` | The main menu background |

> | `welcome_text.png` | The word `welcome` that appears during osu! startup |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `welcome_text.png` | The "welcome" text that appears when the game starts up |
```

> | `welcome.wav` | The sample that plays during osu! startup |
> | `seeya.wav` | The sample that plays during osu! shutdown |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `welcome.wav` | The "welcome to osu!" sample that plays when the game starts up |
| `seeya.wav` | The "see ya next time" sample that plays when the game shuts down |
```

> For details, see [Interface § Main menu](/wiki/Skinning/Interface#main-menu) and [Sounds § Main menu](/wiki/Skinning/Sounds#main-menu)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details, see [Skinning/Interface § Main menu](/wiki/Skinning/Interface#main-menu) and [Skinning/Sounds § Main menu](/wiki/Skinning/Sounds#main-menu).
```

### Extended search

::: Infobox

> ![](img/beatmap-search.png "Beatmap search page on the website, with two new filters in the bottom")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![](img/beatmap-search.png "Beatmap search page on the website, with two new filters at the bottom")
```

:::

Supporters have access to an extended set of [beatmap search](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets) filters:

> - Beatmaps that were (or were not) played;
> - Beatmaps where a score with certain [grade](/wiki/Gameplay/Grade) was set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Beatmaps that were (or were not) played
- Beatmaps where a score with certain [grade](/wiki/Gameplay/Grade) was set
```

## Remaining duration

::: Infobox

> ![](img/status.jpg?1 "Three months left of osu!supporter tag")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![](img/status.jpg?1 "Three months of osu!supporter left ")
```

:::

> The remaining osu!supporter duration, as well as total amount of contributions, tag purchases and gifts, is available at the top of the [osu!supporter promo page](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/support) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The remaining osu!supporter duration, as well as total amount of contributions, tag purchases, and gifts, is available at the top of the [osu!supporter promo page](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/support).
```

## Getting osu!supporter

::: Infobox
![](img/store-product.jpg?1 "osu!supporter product banner from the osu!store")
:::

> To get osu!supporter, visit the [osu!supporter store page](https://osu.ppy.sh/store/products/supporter-tag) and adjust the supporter tag duration using the slider, or the buttons with number of months underneath. All prices are in United States dollars (USD) and don't include possible fees of the payment system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get osu!supporter, visit the [osu!supporter store page](https://osu.ppy.sh/store/products/supporter-tag) and adjust the supporter tag duration using the slider, or the buttons with the number of months underneath. All prices are in United States dollars (USD) and don't include possible fees of the payment system.
```

> Afterwards, click `Add to Cart` to put the supporter tag into the osu!store shopping cart. To finalize the purchase, go to the [shopping cart](https://osu.ppy.sh/store/cart) and click `Checkout`, then follow on-screen prompts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Afterwards, click `Add to Cart` to put the supporter tag into the osu!store shopping cart. To finalise the purchase, go to the [shopping cart](https://osu.ppy.sh/store/cart) and click `Checkout`, then follow on-screen prompts.
```

### Gifting osu!supporter

> The osu!supporter may also be gifted to another player by entering their username into the grey box below the user card. More people can be added by going back to the store page and repeating the process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
osu!supporter may also be gifted to another player by entering their username into the grey box below the user card. More people can be added by going back to the store page and repeating the process.
```

### Conclusion

> After the transaction is completed, there will be a new event in the `Recent Activity` section of a profile of both the giver and the recipient:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the transaction is completed, there will be a new event in the `Recent Activity` section in the profile of both the giver and the recipient:
```

> - `{username} has become an osu! supporter - thanks for your generosity!` if it is the first time that user gets osu!supporter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `{username} has become an osu! supporter - thanks for your generosity!` if it is the first time the user gets osu!supporter.
```

---
tags:
  - support
  - supporter
  - supporter tag
  - osu!supporter tag
---

# osu!supporter

**osu!supporter** (or the ***osu!supporter tag***) is a temporary title given to players who support osu! by making a voluntary, monetary donation to help it thrive. Supporters receive a handful of cosmetic and technical benefits, most of which are active only when the title is present. The extra features from osu!supporter do not give any advantage in gameplay, performance, or score, and never will.

The osu!supporter tag may be obtained from the [osu!supporter store page](https://osu.ppy.sh/store/products/supporter-tag).

## Features

### Heart badge

::: Infobox
![](img/userpage.png?1 "Profile with osu!supporter")
:::

::: Infobox

> ![](img/usercard.png?1 "User card with osu!supporter")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![](img/usercard.png?2 "User card with osu!supporter")
```

| Online beatmap favourites | 100 | 1000 |
| Friend count | 250 | 500 |

Additionally, bearers of osu!supporter are granted more lenient beatmap download limits.

### Extra skinnable elements

After obtaining osu!supporter, some visual and aural elements of the osu! interface become skinnable:

| Element | Description |
| :-- | :-- |
| `menu-background.jpg` | The main menu background |
| `welcome_text.png` | The "welcome" text that appears when the game starts up |
| `welcome.wav` | The "welcome to osu!" sample that plays when the game starts up |
| `seeya.wav` | The "see ya next time" sample that plays when the game shuts down |

For details, see [Skinning/Interface § Main menu](/wiki/Skinning/Interface#main-menu) and [Skinning/Sounds § Main menu](/wiki/Skinning/Sounds#main-menu).

### Extended search

::: Infobox
![](img/beatmap-search.png "Beatmap search page on the website, with two new filters at the bottom")
:::

Supporters have access to an extended set of [beatmap search](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets) filters:

- Beatmaps that were (or were not) played
- Beatmaps where a score with certain [grade](/wiki/Gameplay/Grade) was set

## Remaining duration

::: Infobox

> ![](img/status.jpg?1 "Three months of osu!supporter left ")

Reviewer: woops

```suggestion
![](img/status.jpg?1 "Three months of osu!supporter left")
```

:::

The remaining osu!supporter duration, as well as total amount of contributions, tag purchases, and gifts, is available at the top of the [osu!supporter promo page](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/support).

## Getting osu!supporter

::: Infobox

> ![](img/store-product.jpg?1 "osu!supporter product banner from the osu!store")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![](img/store-product.jpg?2 "osu!supporter product banner from the osu!store")
```

---
tags:
  - support
  - supporter
---

# osu!supporter

The **osu!supporter** is a *temporary* title given to the players who supported osu! by making a voluntary, monetary donation to help it thrive. Supporters receive a handful of cosmetical and technical benefits, most of which are active only when the title is present, such as:

- Distinctive bright yellow nickname in the [chat](/wiki/Client/Interface/Chat_console);
- Access to osu!direct, the in-game beatmap search and download engine;
- Relaxed limits on number of favourited or uploaded beatmaps;
- Ability to additionally skin osu!;

> - Custom [leaderboards](/wiki/Beatmap#leaderboards).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Custom [leaderboards](/wiki/Beatmap#leaderboards).
- Increased number of friends that you can add
```
In the promo page:

> More Friends
> The maximum number of friends you can have is increased from 250 → 500

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure if unlimited download in beatmap listing is still a feature for osu!supporter only or it's already available for all

Reviewer 3: ```csharp
BEATMAPSET_USER_DOWNLOAD_LIMIT_HOURLY=200
BEATMAPSET_USER_DOWNLOAD_LIMIT_HOURLY_SUPPORTER=800
```

Author: not going to write these in as-is, but thanks for the confirmation

The full list of perks and donation goals may be seen at the [osu!supporter promo page](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/support). It is important to note that the extra features from osu!supporter will never give advantage in gameplay, performance, or score.

## Permanent benefits

The permanent benefits of the osu!supporter are:

> - Ability to change the username once for free;
> - The editable `me!` section of the user profile, previously called a userpage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- One free username change
- An editable `me!` section of the user profile
```

## Badge

![Profile with osu!supporter](img/userpage.png?1 "Profile with osu!supporter")

![Usercard with osu!supporter](img/usercard.png?1 "User card with osu!supporter")

> The badge can be found next to the user avatar and on the usercard next to the country flag. The amount of hearts in the profile depends on how long a user has supported the game in total<!-- source: https://github.com/ppy/osu-web/blob/ac227d6abbd48630ebbf428c4e3372f388004ee5/app/Models/User.php#L1733-L1750 -->:

Reviewer: There are more places it can appear in, such as the forums

Note that the code suggests that it only counts valid tag purchases, meaning gifted supporter would only ever account for the first heart... ?

```suggestion
Supporters get a badge with hearts on it, usually found next to their username. The amount of hearts depends on the length of osu!supporter the user has acquired in total<!-- source: https://github.com/ppy/osu-web/blob/ac227d6abbd48630ebbf428c4e3372f388004ee5/app/Models/User.php#L1733-L1750 -->:
```

- Less than 1 year: 1 heart
- From 1 to 5 years: 2 hearts
- More than 5 years: 3 hearts

## Remaining duration

![osu!supporter tag with three months remaining](img/status.jpg?1 "Three months left of osu!supporter tag")

The remaining osu!supporter duration, as well as total amount of contributions, tag purchases and gifts, is available at the top of the [osu!supporter promo page](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/support) page.

## Getting osu!supporter

![osu!store product banner](img/store-product.jpg?1 "osu!supporter product banner from the osu!store")

To get osu!supporter, visit the [osu!supporter store page](https://osu.ppy.sh/store/products/supporter-tag) and adjust the supporter tag duration using the slider, or the buttons with number of months underneath. All prices are in United States dollars (USD) and don't include possible fees of the payment system.

Afterwards, click `Add to Cart` to put the supporter tag into the osu!store shopping cart. To finalize the purchase, go to the [shopping cart](https://osu.ppy.sh/store/cart) and click `Checkout`, then follow on-screen prompts.

> ## Giving osu!supporter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Gifting osu!supporter
```

> The osu!supporter may also be gifted to another player by entering their username into the grey box below the usercard. To add a osu!supporter tag for another user, go back to the [osu!supporter store page](https://osu.ppy.sh/store/products/supporter-tag) and repeat the steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The osu!supporter may also be gifted to another player by entering their username into the grey box below the user card. More people can be added by going back to the store page and repeating the process.
```

## Conclusion

> After the transaction is completed, there will be a new event in the `Recent Activity` section of a profile of the user who made the purchase:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the transaction is completed, there will be a new event in the `Recent Activity` section of a profile of both the giver and the recipient:
```
